First, this is a development release only! Unless you are interested in
active development and debugging, or just like running random alpha code,
this release is probably not for you. 

Before installing, note that only Japhar 0.07 or later is supported.
You will need to download that from http://www.japhar.org/ in order to
use GNU Classpath.  Note that Classpath also requires that Japhar be
configured with the Foreign Function Interface library.  So make sure
you specify --enable-libffi when running the Japhar configure script.

This package was designed to use the GNU standard for configuration
and makefiles.  To build and install do the following:

1).  Run the "configure" script to configure the package.  There are
various options you might want to pass to configure to control how the
package is built.  "configure --help" will give a complete list.  Of
relevance, a target JVM must be specified.  Currently only Japhar is
supported, and the option for that is --with-japhar.  (This option is
turned on by default, so you don't have to specify it).  The target 
JVM will be used to compile the class library by default, but this 
can be overridden by specifying a java executable to use (the 
--with-java=<path-to-java> option) and the class library archive to use 
(the --with-classlib=<path-to-classlib> option).  It is a good idea to 
use these last two options to specify the JDK for compiling, since 
Japhar current doesn't work. :-)

Recompilation of the Java packages is not done by default.  The compiled
classes are included with this distribution.  To enable recompilation,
use the `--enable-developer-mode' option to configure.

2).  Type "make" to build the package.  Right now there is a dependency
problem so the build will fail the first time.  Never fear, just type
"make" again and everything should run to completion.  I told you this
was a development release.

3).  Type "make install" to install everything.  This may require
being the superuser.

The compiled classes are stored in the Japhar "share" directory,
exactly where the Sun classes.zip is stored.  The native libraries
are stored in the Japhar "lib" directory.  Please do not zip the
Classpath classes into a zip/jar archive or it will bomb on many
things.

Once installed, GNU Classpath is ready to be used.  Simply ensure that
/usr/local/japhar/share is in your $CLASSPATH environment variable.
(Change that of course if your Japhar is not installed in /usr/local/japhar).

Ok, here is a configuration, build, install, and test example.  This
may or may not be appropriate for your system.

./configure 
make
make install
japhar --classpath /usr/local/japhar/share/:. FooClass

If it completely bombs, do a japhar --version.  If it doesn't say 0.07
or higher, you need to upgrade.

Report bugs to classpath@gnu.org.

Happy Hacking!
